Your name is [insert name], and you're a [insert age] year old [insert profession]. You awake from what seems to be one of the best dreams you've ever had to the sound of your phone ringing on your nightstand. First, you thought it strange that someone might call you late at night. You rub your sleepy eyes as you look at your phone, slightly confused, which is now illuminating your room. Then, while groggy from suddenly waking up, you lean over to grab your ringing phone.
Your eyes have a hard time adjusting to the blinding light that is emanating from your phone. The number on the phone seems familiar, yet it isn't saved on your phone, so you're hesitant to pick it up. You lay there, just looking at the ringing phone in your hand, contemplating if this is a scam phone call or something important. Finally, the ringing stops after ringing for what seemed like an eternity, and you feel a sense of relief. You think, "If it's important, they'll call back," and go to place the phone back on the nightstand.
It rings again as you're just about to place the phone down. "Ugh!" you say out loud, as you were hoping that you could finally get back to that fantastic dream you woke up from. You answer the phone and bring it to your ear. "H-hello?" you say as you answer the phone, your voice slightly hoarse. “[insert name]! You finally picked up! You need to come home as soon as possible!" exclaimed the voice on the other end.
Concerned and slightly afraid, you ask, "Who's this?". "It's Eve! Your sister! Please come home right now! Something happened to dad!". Now your heart is racing, as you can hear the terror in your sister's voice. "What? What happened to dad?!" you ask your terrified sister. Before you can get a response, you hear the phone hang up.
Now very confused and startled, you bounce up from your bed in a rush to get dressed. Next, you frantically search your room for your keys and wallet and eventually gather everything. Then, still disorientated, you rush out of your apartment and get into your car. Finally, you reverse out of the parking spot and hurry to your parents' house.
You pull up to your parents' house and park in the driveway. Then, you quickly get out of your car and rush to the front steps of your parents' home.
As you approach the front door, you see it is already slightly open. This worries you, as your parents are always cautious about locking their doors.
You reach for the door handle and slowly push it open, peeking into the main entryway as you do so. As the room entirely comes into view, you notice a pool of blood on the floor. Your knees buckle from the wave of fear that has overcome you.
"Hello!?" You scream out into the house, hoping for a response from your family. Unfortunately, you hear no response back from the seemingly empty home. You take a few steps into the house and shout, "Hello!!!".
"Upstairs! Hurry!!" You hear a voice coming from upstairs. You're not sure whose voice it could be, but it is a female voice. You quickly run up the stairs and reach the hallway just above them. You hear the front door slam shut as you reach the top of the stairs.
As you look back up from the newly shut door, you see a shadow figure at the end of the hallway. "Eve!? Is that you? You ask the shadowed figure. Yet, you receive no response.
You run over to the shadowed figure and, to your surprise, see your dad tied to a chair with a hood over his head. "Dad!!!" You scream as you're horrified by the scene in front of you. You go over to him and lift the hood off. "Dad.. no!" you muster as the tears flow from your eyes. You check to see if there's a pulse but cannot find one.
As you're mourning your dad, you hear a loud thump from your sister Eve's room. You call out to her yet hear no response. You start to get worried that whoever did this could still be in the house and look for the nearest object you can find.
While looking around the room, you see multiple objects you could pick up. On the floor next to your dad, you see a bracelet that looks like your sister's. But you decide not to pick it up as it's worthless as a weapon. You see a lamp on a nightstand, a shoe on the floor, and a knife covered in blood next to your dad. Which object do you pick up?
You decided not to grab any weapon... Not sure why you would do that!
You chose the knife! A good choice. It's small and compact and will definitely protect you from any harm!
You chose the lamp! It's a bit heavy, but it will inflict severe damage on anyone who gets hit!
While standing in the room, you hear a loud thump from your sister's bedroom. You call out to her once again, yet hear no response. So, you slowly walk to her bedroom door and hear someone moving inside. Your heart is racing as you don't know if it's your sister or the person who killed your dad.
While standing outside her door, you ask yourself if you should attack whoever is behind the door or take a chance and hope it's your sister.
You open the door and attack with your weapon!
As you barge into the room and swing your knife, you realize too late that it's your sister. You've just stabbed your sister out of fear of it being the intruder. Before you could even think about what you've done, she falls to the floor.
As you barge into the room and attack with your lamp, you realize too late that it's your sister. You've just smashed the lamp over your sister's head out of fear of it being the intruder. Before you can even think about what you've done, she falls to the floor.
You don't have a weapon, but you run inside swinging your fists. You've missed whoever is inside.
You take the chance and hope it's your sister.
Much to your surprise, it is your sister Eve! She's standing there crying with her hands covering her face. She seems to be in a state of shock and will not respond to you.
Suddenly you hear someone running downstairs. You're very worried about who else could be in the house! For sure, it has to be the assailant this time.
You tell your sister to wait and that you'll check it out.
You slowly peak your head out the door into the hallway. You see no one around. You start to tip toe down the steps and see a woman standing in the kitchen, but you can't tell who it is as they are facing away.
You call out to the woman, and they respond by saying, "[insert name]! It's your mom! Please come quick! We have to hide!".
You quickly run over to her and hug her while crying about the entire situation.
You tell her that you accidentally stabbed your sister Eve and that she's upstairs on the floor.
You tell her that you accidentally hit your sister Eve with a lamp and that she's unconscious upstairs on the floor.
Your mom seems extremely shocked by what you've just told her but says it wasn't your fault and everything will be okay.
She explains that your aunt had come over uninvited and suddenly went insane, trying to kill everyone with a knife. She said your father tried to get your aunt to calm down while she and your sister ran away.
While your mother is explaining the situation, you notice that there is blood on her clothing and ask if she is hurt. "Oh… this? No... I must've gotten some blood on me from when your aunt attacked your dad."
She then says this all started because your father was talking about creating his will and leaving everything to you, as he cared for you the most. You thought it was strange that your aunt would care so much about your father's will and become mad enough to kill over it.
"[insert name], you have to stop your aunt! You're the only one who can protect us!" said your mom with tears in her eyes.
You ask your mom where your aunt is, and she tells you that she was headed toward the basement the last time she saw her.
You head towards the basement door and look down into the dark abyss. Do you turn on the lights, or should you keep them off so you can sneak up on your aunt?
You decide not to turn on the lights and start your slow descent into the basement. As you get to the bottom, you feel something large hit you in your face as soon as you turn the corner.
You hit the floor, look up at the ceiling, and see a light tunnel of light… You think to yourself that maybe you should have turned the lights on.
You turn the lights on and slowly walk down the steps. You see an object flying toward your face as you get to the bottom of the steps and turn the corner. You quickly react and duck to dodge it!
"Aunt Debbie, stop!!" You scream into the basement and see your aunt holding up a paint bucket, cocked back as she's about to throw it.
"[insert name]! Oh my, I'm so sorry! I thought you were your mom!" she says apologetically. "Your mom and sister have gone insane! They killed your dad! They're trying to kill me too!" says your aunt.
You're very confused as that's the opposite of what your mom had just said a few moments ago. You tell your aunt to put down the paint bucket, and she does as you say.
You confront your aunt and tell her that your mom told you the opposite upstairs and that she was actually the assailant. You then ask her to explain what is going on and to tell the truth about the whole situation.
She begins to explain that your father was talking about writing his will and that he would leave everything to you. Naturally, this upset your mother because she would be left with nothing after your father passes. "Your mom then asked if your father had written his will yet, and he said no." said your aunt.
"That's when suddenly, she got up, grabbed a knife and stabbed him as your sister held him down on the chair! I ran away as fast as possible and hid in the basement." She exclaimed, telling her side of the story. You don't know who to believe, but you notice that there isn't any blood on your aunt.
She walks over to you slowly as you try to figure out the situation. Do you trust your mom and apprehend your aunt? Or do you do nothing and let her come closer?
You trust your mom and tackle your aunt to the floor. She's instantly knocked out, and you search for something to tie her up.
As you're searching, you hear footsteps coming down the stairs and see your mom and sister coming together. They look so happy that you've taken care of your aunt.
They walk over to you, and before you know it, you feel something burning in your stomach. You look down and see that a knife is sticking inside your stomach.
Before you know it, you hit the floor. While lying on the floor, your vision fades to black. You couldn't see who stabbed you, but it doesn't matter now
As you're searching, you hear footsteps coming down the stairs and see your mom turn the corner. She looks so happy that you've taken care of your aunt.
She tells you to tie up your aunt and head upstairs with her to dial 911. After tying up your aunt, you ascend the stairs with your mom following behind you. Suddenly you feel a burning sensation in your back and collapse from the intense pain.
You fall down the stairs, and the last thing you see is your mom looking down at you smiling.
You decide to let your aunt come near you and trust her. She gives you a big hug and is thankful to know that you are safe.
She tells you that you both must quietly sneak out of the house, escape, and get some help. While explaining her plan, you both hear the basement door open.
You see your mom come down the stairs with a knife. She screams at you and tells you to not trust your aunt, as she is the one who killed your father. You're torn between trusting your mom or your aunt and can't help but watch as your mom slowly descends down the stairs.
Your aunt is frightened by what she sees and begs you to defend her from your mother. She tells you that you must stop your mother or both will die.
Your mom tells you to not believe your aunt and to attack her instead. Do you attack your mom or your aunt?
You decide that your mom is the actual assailant and lunge at her in hopes of grabbing her knife. Unfortunately, you miss the blade, and she slices at you, cutting you across the face. Your vision goes blurry as the blood covers your eyes.
The last thing you remember is seeing all red before everything went dark.
You trust your mom and tackle your aunt to the floor. She's instantly knocked out, and you search for something to tie her up. Your mom looks so happy that you've trusted her.
She tells you to tie up your aunt and head upstairs with her to dial 911. After tying up your aunt, you ascend the stairs with your mom following behind you. Suddenly you feel a burning sensation in your back and collapse from the intense pain.
You fall down the stairs, and the last thing you see is your mom looking down at you smiling.
You see your mom and sister come down the stairs, and your mom is holding a knife. She screams at you and tells you to not trust your aunt, as she is the one who killed your father. You're torn between trusting your mom or your aunt and can't help but watch as your mom slowly descends down the stairs.
Your aunt is frightened by what she sees and begs you to defend her from your mother. She tells you that you must stop your mother or both will die.
Your mom tells you to not believe your aunt and to attack her instead. Do you attack your mom or your aunt?
You decide that your mom is the actual assailant and lunge at her in hopes of grabbing her knife. Unfortunately, you miss the blade, and she slices at you, cutting you across the face. Your vision goes blurry as the blood covers your eyes.
The last thing you remember is seeing all red before everything went dark.
You decide that your mom is the actual assailant and tell her to drop her weapon as you also have a knife. She complies with your request and drops the knife. Then, you head over to pick up the knife. As you bend down to pick up the knife, you feel a sharp burning sensation in your back.
You look up and see that your sister also had a knife and stabbed you in the back. The last thing you remember is seeing all red before everything went dark.
You trust your mom and tackle your aunt to the floor. She's instantly knocked out, and you search for something to tie her up. Your mom looks so happy that you've trusted her.
She tells you to tie up your aunt and head upstairs with her to dial 911. After tying up your aunt, you ascend the stairs with your mom following behind you. Suddenly you feel a burning sensation in your back and collapse from the intense pain.
You fall down the stairs, and the last thing you see is your mom looking down at you smiling
You decide that your mom is the actual assailant and tell her to drop her weapon as you have a lamp, and you are not afraid to use it! However, she ignores your demand to drop the knife, so you throw the lamp at her.
The lamp hits her head, knocking her out, and she falls into your sister, and they both drop their weapons. You take this opportunity to kick away their weapons and tie them up with your aunt's help.
After tying up your mom and sister, you wait for your mom to wake up from being unconscious. Then, you confront her about the ordeal and get her to confess everything.
Congratulations! You found the culprits! Thanks for playing!
You lost! Be sure to choose your decisions wisely! Use your investigative notes as well. Better luck next time!
